# CS-370-emerging-current_trends
In reflection with this course I am pleased to say that a good amount of information was learned. I learned alot about AI, how it works and its inner workings. I would say my mre favorable part of this course was writing the code for the pirate maze. Learning how to create well written code that would in turn solve the maze and doing so in best practice and with the best Efficency. The end result took some time, there where many errors in this process but at the end, seeing afinished maze, how long it took and its success rate was rewarding. What we did was program the agent in teh innner loop to do exploration and exploitation. Teh result is a rewarding success and in a fair time laps as will. 
What do computer scientists do and why does it matter?
Computer Sciene is a very broad field. Overall the Computer Scientis is in a software field but their objective is to work on theory, deisgn, development and applications of computer software. There is a lot that goes into a computer scientist but there is not a one size fits all person. Usually a computer scitist is going to specialize in one fiels. This could be Softward Development, System networking, AI/ MAchine Learnin, like we learned in this class. Also Data science, cybersecurity (amoung one of the highest paying fields) workin in research, develoment, robotics. Cmputer science is big. 
How do I approach a problem as a computer scientist?
If I was approuching problem I try to do a few things, First I start at assessing the situation, stratagizing or prioritizing what I am going to do with it, then making a more logical plan and mehodical one. I then will begin to work on one of the areas that I think I am best to work on based on the information I have and then review, test, and deploy. I think in this case, agile and Scrum come together. My approuch woul dbe that of agile and with daily scrum meetings. 
What are my ethical responsibilities to the end user and the organization? To ensure their privacy, their security and that I am being the purest I can be when offering them a service. I want them to know that I am not doing anything that could get their data and information exposed or leaked. My main priority is security and privacy. My second is a good system that doesnt have issues and keeps that user happy.
